feat: `pagerduty_service_integration_email` to trigger alerts on recieving email. (#36)
honestbank/terraform-pagerduty-alerting: modules/pagerduty-service-integration-email/README.md

> ## PagerDuty service integration - Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PagerDuty Email Service Integration
```

> A `pagerduty-service-integration-email` is a [`pagerduty_service_integration`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PagerDuty/pagerduty/latest/docs/resources/service_integration) of the type `generic_email_inbound_integration` that belongs to a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `pagerduty-service-integration-email` is a [`pagerduty_service_integration`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PagerDuty/pagerduty/latest/docs/resources/service_integration) of the type `generic_email_inbound_integration`. Use this module to trigger incidents via email messages.
```
